# October 12th - October 18th

## React & Typescript: `defaultProps` & prop types

Currently have some projects with are only in TS that use both prop types and types. Probably should move to just types:

- https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/release-notes/typescript-3-0.html#support-for-defaultprops-in-jsx
- Having both propTypes and types also mean maintaining both.
- Nested object defaultProps can be done with `const myDefault...` and `function MyComponent({ objectProp = myDefault })...`

## CSS centering with flexbox

Vertical center some content with Flex:

```CSS
display: flex;
flex-direction: column;
justify-content: center;
```

A simple thing that I have done many times in a few different ways. I appreciated this one cause it was also a container within a grid with multiple children. And
this was to address feedback to push content down a little which I hate cause the content could change and then the top margin has to change, etc.

## Zod: something to look at

Recently saw this in slack, which would be super useful for some of my side projects: https://vriad.com/essays/zod

## Keyboard

I bought a mech keyboard for my work laptop because I think the bluetooth on that machine is a bit wonky, so USB was needed. This is my first mech (WASD 88-key, cherry MX red silent) which is taking some getting used to. I picked the 88-key cause I felt like I rarely used the numpad... but now I miss that. I also didn't really register that the keyboards I'm used to using have the arrow keys beneath the right shift key. So I downloaded a program to change keys. Currently experimenting with the right-control key being `end` or `right arrow`. Unfortunately, it doesn't seem like I can program the menu key.

## Trying to learn new keyboard shortcuts

VSCode: ctrl+shift+right arrow to expand selection (word -> line, etc.)
